Add `Segmented Group` documentation (#1282)
hashicorp/design-system: website/docs/components/form/segmented-group/partials/specifications/anatomy.md

## Anatomy

### Base component

![Segmented Group Base Anatomy](/assets/components/form/segmented-group/segmented-group-anatomy-base.png =600x*)

| Element | Usage |
|---------|-------|
| Segmented Input | Required; can be one of many types which extend the [Text Input](/components/form/text-input) component. |
| Segmented Button | Required; can be either `button` or `toggle` which are extensions of the Helios [Button](/components/button) and [Toggle Button](/components/dropdown#toggle) components. |
| Container | Wraps the primitives in an auto layout container. |

!!! Info

> The Segmented Group `Base` component is only available in Figma and is suited for less complex scenarios which don't perform complex filtering or functions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Segmented Group `Base` component is only available in Figma and is suited for less complex scenarios which don’t perform complex filtering or functions.
```
